Improve meaningful links (#19155)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.loxone/README.md

It is possible to override the communication protocol by setting `webSocketType` configuration parameter. Setting it to 1 will force to always establish HTTPS connection. Setting it to 2 will force to always establish HTTP connection. Default value of 0 means the binding will determine the right protocol in the runtime.

> A method to enable unrestricted security policy depends on the JRE version and vendor, some examples can be found in this [Pete Freitag blog post](https://www.petefreitag.com/item/844.cfm) and this [Stack Overflow answer](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41580489/how-to-install-unlimited-strength-jurisdiction-policy-files).

Reviewer: The first link redirects to https://www.petefreitag.com/blog/java-unlimited-crypto/, perhaps that is more future-proof?

Author: ```suggestion
A method to enable unrestricted security policy depends on the JRE version and vendor, some examples can be found in this [Pete Freitag blog post]( https://www.petefreitag.com/blog/java-unlimited-crypto/) and this [Stack Overflow answer](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41580489/how-to-install-unlimited-strength-jurisdiction-policy-files).
```

> A method to enable unrestricted security policy depends on the JRE version and vendor, some examples can be found in this [Pete Freitag blog post]( https://www.petefreitag.com/blog/java-unlimited-crypto/) and this [Stack Overflow answer](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41580489/how-to-install-unlimited-strength-jurisdiction-policy-files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A method to enable unrestricted security policy depends on the JRE version and vendor, some examples can be found in this [Pete Freitag blog post](https://www.petefreitag.com/blog/java-unlimited-crypto/) and this [Stack Overflow answer](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41580489/how-to-install-unlimited-strength-jurisdiction-policy-files).
```

Author: Don;t say anything...... ;-)
